README.md, before:

# vue-shopping-list

![npm][npm-version-image]

This repository was created to demonstrate a mobile shopping list application made in Vue, Vuex, Vue Router and some custom Animate.css stuff :) ... The plan is to use Node/Express and Web Sockets using "ws" or "socket.io" to get some real time feedback when adding or crossing off items in a grocery list. Currently the application is hitting Apiary until I get Node up and running with Mongo.

## Requirements
The following tools are required to get this running.

### Dev tools
* [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/) `>=7.7.0 <=8.1.x` *~NPM will install automatically*
* NPM `~5.3.x`
* [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/download-center#community) - shell version `3.4.3`

## Installation
### Install Node
Visit [here](https://nodejs.org/en/) - download and install the latest, stable version.
This will install `npm` automatically.

### Install dependencies
`cd` into the root of the project and run this command
```sh
$ npm install
```

### Install MongoDB

### Run project
```sh
$ npm run dev
```

[npm-version-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/npm.svg?maxAge=2592000

Commit message:

Fix date in ListItem and add some set up instructions

README.md, after:

# vue-shopping-list

![npm][npm-version-image]

This repository was created to demonstrate a mobile shopping list application made in Vue, Vuex, Vue Router and some custom Animate.css stuff :) ... The plan is to use Web Sockets using "ws" or "socket.io" to get some real time feedback when adding or crossing off items in a grocery list.

## Requirements
The following tools are required to get this running.

### Dev tools
* [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/) `>=7.7.0 <=8.1.x` *~NPM will install automatically*
* babel-cli `6.5.3`
* [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/download-center#community) - shell version `3.4.3`

## Installation
### Install Node
Visit [here](https://nodejs.org/en/) - download and install the latest, stable version.
This will install `npm` automatically.

### Install dependencies
`cd` into the root of the project and run this command
```sh
$ npm install
```

### Install MongoDB
Doandload the `tgz` file
- https://www.mongodb.com/download-center#community
- Unzip the files and put them in /Users/{username}/
- Rename the folder to `mongodb`

Add mongo to your path - open up your bash profile and add this:

`export PATH=${PATH}:/Users/{username}/mongodb/bin`

### Run mongo
- Create a `db` folder inside or `server/data`
- Run mongo with this command from the root of the project:

`mongod --dbpath ./server/data/db`

### Import data
- Run this at the root of the project

`mongorestore --gzip ./server/data/dump/db={most recent date}`

### Run project
```sh
$ npm run dev
```

[npm-version-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/npm.svg?maxAge=2592000
